Welcome back! In this video, we're
going to discuss the Linux shell.
This part of the Linux architecture
is where the action will happen for
you as a security analyst.
We introduced the shell with other
components of the Linux OS earlier,
but let's take a deeper look at
what the shell is and what it does.
The shell is the command-line interpreter.
That means it helps you communicate
with the operating system through
the command line.
Previously, we discussed
a command-line interface.
This is essentially the shell.
The shell provides the command-line
interface for you to interact with the OS.
To tell the OS what to do, you enter
commands into this interface.
A command is an instruction telling
the computer to do something.
The shell communicates with
the kernel to execute these commands.
Earlier, we discussed how
the operating system helps humans and
computers speak with each other.
The shell is the part of the OS
that allows you to do this.
Think of this as a very helpful language
interpreter between you and your system.
Since you do not speak
computer language or binary,
you can't directly
communicate with your system.
This is where the shell
comes in to help you.
Your OS doesn't need the shell for
most of its work, but
it is an interface between you and
what your system can offer.
It allows you to perform math,
run tests, and execute applications.
More importantly, it allows you
to combine these operations and
connect applications to each other
to perform complex and automated tasks.
Just as there are many
Linux distributions,
there are many different types of shells.
We'll primarily focus on
the Bash shell in this course.
Let's continue to learn
more about the shell.